don't look after ya and that's what
you're done as far as their I'm aware
anyway yes yes you've done the best you
could for the horses and looked after
him as a Stockman and it was only the
fact was but RSPCA threatened you to
prosecute you if you continue to have
the horses here than me yes yes
so really yeah with the written
agreement they prosecute you as well as
me if you get if you if you continue to
give Tom price a written agreement then
they what they would prosecute you for
something was it was a something call
for specifically the written agreement
no it was anything wrong with horses
they threatened you today really yes and
and you felt pressured by it oh yes I'm
worried I'm not I'm not used to being in
court no I can see that I know you're a
man of good character so like you
wouldn't be saying anything here - just
a for the sake of saying it off yeah is
this the truth what you're speaking to
now wants to your best ability playing
always trying to be straight you know I
am
you have you have always been but to
your best ability this is the truth what
you said is nothing that's exactly
what's happened and training standards
trait the standard she was aware but
trading standards wouldn't let LuAnn
take the horses for the police an
training standard said she couldn't take
it move on without the basketball
without passports passports that that
peace moments have told me
I I get no hot new heroine training but
it was the truth
that's who shot the horses now from the
train was at the Trading Standards who
shot on the other day or hours please
yes yeah trainings not they shot of my
selves or
going on they've got the Mac abandoned
dance shoot them all yeah and where
those horses all fat and brand-new most
of them yes there was one little in the
phones but why don't all the phones
putting down you back all right
anyone having a minute the world up as
much smoke but no probably there was
weaned off see alright thank you